man I got kids to feed I guess I better
get a real job
what do you think you're doing I don't
know what do you want you stole money
from it in its bed on the street oh that
he can make that back no big deal
you're supposed to be a representative
of the law someone that people can look
up
please don't hurt me I'll give it back I
swear that's not good enough you have a
picture what no no I'm not really much
of a church man we have any extent
recovery check
what if I don't go to this will be the
last time that we eat right I'll write
it go I swear sewer
you I ought to keep an eye on your
friend flask
make sure he gets to church on Sunday
what makes you think he'll go call it uh
you know I think you've started someone
who flies but but the city feels too far
gone can we even hope to make a change
we could and we will it just takes time
and what about escalation escalation
well you're wearing a mask walking
around the city inviting people to
church well
take this guy it's been living in the
sewers like you it's got a flair for the
dramatic hijacked a plane a few weeks
ago
I'll look into it
I never said thank you
and you'll never have to
you